The 3rd Jewish Temple is prophesied of in
the bible.
In the book of Revelation, the apostle John
was told to measure it.
The question is how will it be rebuilt?
There’s so much that is not being told and
you’re going to find out in this video!
Watch this video to the end and consider all
the evidence.
I guarantee you the 3rd temple will be rebuilt
in God’s perfect timing.
It won’t be built early and it won’t be
built late.
It’s going to come perfectly as God planned
it.
Currently, this is where people believe where
the temple stood.
This square compound is called the temple
mount.
You’ll notice the Dome of the Rock sitting
there.
It’s a Muslim holy site.
And if that’s where the temple used to stand
there’s no way you’ll be able to tear
that mosque down and build a temple over it
without starting World War 3.
Every Muslim country will immediately go to
war with Israel if that mosque is torn down.
Now, here’s the genius of God.
That square compound is not the temple mount.
That’s not even where the temple was located.
This is a model of Jerusalem at the Israel
Museum.
During the time of Jesus there was a Roman
fort in the area called Fort Antonia.
This dinky compound that’s adjacent to the
temple area it represents Fort Antonia.
In real life, this would be about 3 acres.
It’s supposed to house the 10th Roman legion.
A legion is about 6000 soldiers.
Throw in 4000 support staff and it’s supposed
to house 10,000 people.
This dinky fort can hold maybe 600 soldiers.
Now everyone quotes Josephus as a reliable
historian who lived during that time.
Let me make that clear.
He was alive at that time when the temple
was standing and when it was completely destroyed.
He saw it all.
He lived from 37AD to 100 AD.
The temple was burned in 70AD.
Now Josephus says there was a Roman legion
there.
But scholars say well Josephus must have been
wrong because that little fort can’t hold
a legion of 6000 soldiers.
Josephus must have meant cohort.
A cohort is 600 soldiers.
Scholars say Josephus is right and reliable
in everything else except the Jewish temple
and Roman fort.
Let me get this straight, Josephus who was
alive and saw it got it wrong and these scholars
who came over 1000 to 2000 years later think
they know more.
Josephus was there.
If he was so inaccurate don’t you think
he would have been ignored as a historian.
Now in 333AD there was an anonymous pilgrim
known as the Pilgrim of Bordeaux who traveled
to Jerusalem.
He said he looked east from the Church of
the Holy Sepulcher and all he could see was
the old Roman fort.
Now this is before the Dome of the Rock was
built.
The Dome of the rock was completed in 691AD.
The pilgrim was writing in 333AD.
Now look at where the Church of the Holy Sepulcher
is and look east.
It’s the Dome of the Rock.
It’s what people call the temple mount today.
But the Pilgrim said he saw the old Roman
fort.
Here is the view from the church where the
pilgrim probably looked out from.
Notice how all you see is the Dome of the
Rock.
Now this is the western wall.
It is widely believed that this is the western
wall of the temple and the only piece of the
temple that is standing.
But concerning the destruction of the temple
Eusebius a third century historian said,
“The hill called Zion and Jerusalem, the
building there, that is to say, the temple,
has been utterly removed or shaken.”
Utterly removed.
That means completely gone.
No wall.
Josephus said, “It was so thoroughly laid
even with the ground by those that dug it
up to the foundation, that there was left
nothing to make those that came thither believe
it had ever been inhabited.”
There was left nothing Josephus says.
Even Jesus said, “Not one stone shall be
left upon another, that shall not be thrown down.”
But modern scholars would say Jesus is wrong
and all those historians are wrong because
we have the western wall.
The western wall is the only remaining wall
of the temple.
No, it was completely destroyed according
to Jesus and these historians.
Eleazar Ben Jair, a commander of Jewish extremists,
who took refuge in Masada, he said, “Jerusalem
is now demolished to the very foundations,
and hath nothing left but that monument of
it preserved, I mean the camp of those Romans
that hath destroyed it, which still dwells
upon its ruins.”
So, this commander said Jerusalem is gone
but the Roman fort is still there.
If that square compound, known as the temple
mount, is actually the old Roman fort where
would the temple be?
It would be 600 feet south of the fort.
Josephus references about 10 times about the
temple and the fort being separated.
The separation was about 600 feet with the
fort on the higher ground.
The traditional model has no separation between
the fort and temple.
They are attached.
They once again assume Josephus is wrong.
“Yes, Josephus saw the temple and fort, but he was terrible at describing what we know today.”
Josephus says, “Now as to the Tower of Antonia,
it might seem to be composed of several cities.”
So, historians think Josephus was exaggerating
because the dinky little fort is so small.
How can that be the size of several cities?
Josephus says, “For if we go up to this
Tower of Antonia, we gain the city since we
shall then be upon the top of the hill.”
So, he places the fort on higher ground.
The fort was huge, and it was used to keep
order and peace in Jerusalem and that whole area.
This new model which separates the fort and
temple lines up with the bible.
Acts 21:31-32, “Now as they were seeking
to kill him (that’s the Apostle Paul), news
came to the commander of the garrison that
all Jerusalem was in an uproar.
He immediately took soldiers and centurions,
and ran down to them.
And when they saw the commander and the soldiers,
they stopped beating Paul.”
The Bible says they ran down to them because
the fort was on higher ground.
Acts 21:35, “When he (that’s Paul) reached
the stairs, he had to be carried by the soldiers
because of the violence of the mob.”
Acts 21:40, “So when he had given him permission,
Paul stood on the stairs and motioned with
his hand to the people.”
This is probably the stairs Paul stood at.
Right here.
Now if we take the traditional model of the
temple what stairs would the bible be talking about?
The Jews dragged Paul out of the temple and
when the Romans came to save him he spoke
to them from the stairs.
The traditional model has the fort connected
to the temple.
Also notice how many soldiers the commander
of the fort sends with the apostle Paul.
Acts 23:23, “And he called for two centurions,
saying, “Prepare two hundred soldiers, seventy
horsemen, and two hundred spearmen to go to
Caesarea at the third hour of the night.”
He sends 470 soldiers to bring Paul to Caesarea.
Scholars say the fort only held 600 soldiers.
“My Garrison only has 600 soldiers, but
let’s send 470 of them to go with this nobody
named Paul.
I’ll keep peace in Jerusalem with just 130
soldiers.
It’s far more important to send my soldiers
away to guard this nobody.”
Do you think the Romans are military morons?
There were thousands of Jewish extremists
trying to overthrow the Romans.
I guarantee you, that commander had thousands
of troops stationed there to keep peace in Jerusalem.
Now if you look at old Roman forts they are
almost the exact size of the temple mount.
Here are the remains of an old Roman fort
in Masada.
It’s built just like the temple mount area.
This is how the Romans built their forts.
Lastly, the temple was very likely located
in the city of David and that was discovered
just about over 100 years ago.
By this time the temple mount tradition had
already set in.
The temple was very likely located by the
Gihon Spring where there is running water.
There’s no running spring in the temple
mount area.
So why do the Jews believe that the square plot
with the Dome of the Rock is the temple area?
All because of tradition.
Can you imagine telling a Jew, “Hey that
western wall you guys like to pray at is actually
the wall of an old Roman fort.
Yeah, the people who destroyed your temple
and city, that’s the western wall of the
fort you’re praying at.”
The Jews will never accept that.
But one day they will because God has prophesied
the building of the Jewish Temple.
When the time is right the Lord will reveal
the location through an archaeological find
or perhaps an earthquake that reveals something.
Whatever God does, He has it all planned out.
And he has hidden the true temple site until
the time comes to rebuild it.
Don’t forget to subscribe.
Please consider partnering with me in this
teaching ministry if you enjoy the teachings.
The links are down below.
I greatly appreciate all your help guys.
Thank you so much!
And until next time let us continue to love
the Lord God with all our heart, soul, mind,
and strength.
Oh, I love you Jesus!  Amen!
God bless you!
Bye bye!